# IncomeRangePrediction_ImageClassification
A classification problem in computer vision. The dataset consists images along with labels of the family belonging to that income range.

In order to fulfill the needs, people take loans from various financial institutions like banks, non-banking financial company (NBFC) or an online lender. India is a country with a population of 133 crores. The income pattern varies from region to region and according to the type of occupation. A salaried employee may receive salary in bank account, whereas a daily wage laborer may receive the earnings in form of cash. Similarly, for a farmer the earnings will not be constant throughout the year as it is very much dependent on the production of crops. Due to huge change in income pattern it becomes difficult to provide a proper documentation while applying for loans. Documentation acts as a proof that customer has a source of income and will be able to repay the loan. Incase customer has no stable income or earns in cash the source of income becomes difficult to define leading to rejection of loan applications. In this project i created a moddel which will help in predicting the income of a household with the help of images. Images will contain pictures of various part of one’s home and with the belongings like refrigerator, bike, washing machine. The income derived from the images will act as monthly household earning and will help in processing of loans for customers. The model will help NBFC’s in dealing with small businessmen and farmers who have the ability to repay but do not get loans due to lack of stable income proof documents. The aim of the challenge was to design a Machine learning/Deep learning model to predict the family's income on the test photos.
